Release: decK 1.11 (#3669)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/deck/1.11.x/guides/kong-enterprise.md

export the configuration of the workspace `my-workspace`:

```sh
deck dump --workspace my-workspace
```

If you do not specify a `--workspace` flag, decK uses the `default` workspace.

To set a workspace directly in the state file, use the `_workspace` parameter.
For example:

```yaml
_format_version: "1.1"
_workspace: default
services:
- name: example_service
```

{:.note}
> **Note:** decK cannot delete workspaces. If you use `--workspace` or
`--all-workspaces` with `deck reset`, decK deletes the entire configuration
inside the workspace, but not the workspace itself.

### Manage multiple workspaces

You can manage the configurations of all workspaces in {{site.ee_product_name}}
with the `--all-workspaces` flag:

```sh
deck dump --all-workspaces
```

This creates one configuration file per workspace.

However, since a `workspace` is an isolated unit of configuration, decK doesn't
allow the deployment of multiple workspaces at a time. Therefore, each
workspace configuration file must be deployed individually:

```sh
deck sync -s workspace1.yaml --workspace workspace1
```

```sh
deck sync -s workspace2.yaml --workspace workspace2
```

{:.important}

> > Be careful when using this flag to avoid overwriting the wrong workspace. We

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Be careful when using the `--all-workspaces` flag to avoid overwriting the wrong workspace. We
```

Being explicit
